Showers continued throughout the week in the Bahia cocoa zone, alleviating the drought since early January and improving prospects for the coming temporao, although normal humidity levels have not been restored, Comissaria Smith said in its weekly review.

Arrivals for the week ended February 22 were 155,221 bags of 60 kilos making a cumulative total for the season of 5.93 mln against 5.81 at the same stage last year. Again it seems that cocoa delivered earlier on consignment was included in the arrivals figures.

Comissaria Smith said there is still some doubt as to how much old crop cocoa is still available as harvesting has practically come to an end. With total Bahia crop estimates around 6.4 mln bags and sales standing at almost 6.2 mln there are a few hundred thousand bags still in the hands of farmers, middlemen, exporters and processors.

There are doubts as to how much of this cocoa would be fit for export as shippers are now experiencing dificulties in obtaining +Bahia superior+ certificates. In view of the lower quality over recent weeks farmers have sold a good part of their cocoa held on consignment. Comissaria Smith said spot bean prices rose to 340 to 350 cruzados per arroba of 15 kilos.

Bean shippers were reluctant to offer nearby shipment and only limited sales were booked for March shipment at 1,750 to 1,780 dlrs per tonne to ports to be named.

New crop sales were also light and all to open ports with June/July going at 1,850 and 1,880 dlrs and at 35 and 45 dlrs under New York july, Aug/Sept at 1,870, 1,875 and 1,880 dlrs per tonne FOB. Routine sales of butter were made. March/April sold at 4,340, 4,345 and 4,350 dlrs.

April/May butter went at 2.27 times New York May, June/July at 4,400 and 4,415 dlrs, Aug/Sept at 4,351 to 4,450 dlrs and at 2.27 and 2.28 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 4,480 dlrs and 2.27 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.

Destinations were the U.S., Covertible currency areas, Uruguay and open ports.

Buyers were the U.S., Argentina, Uruguay and convertible currency areas.

Liquor sales were limited with March/April selling at 2,325 and 2,380 dlrs, June/July at 2,375 dlrs and at 1.25 times New York July, Aug/Sept at 2,400 dlrs and at 1.25 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 1.25 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.

Total Bahia sales are currently estimated at 6.13 mln bags against the 1986/87 crop and 1.06 mln bags against the 1987/88 crop. Cake sales were registered at 785 to 995 dlrs for March/April, 785 dlrs for May, 753 dlrs for Aug and 0.39 times New York Dec for Oct/Dec.

Final figures for the period to February 28 are expected to be published by the Brazilian Cocoa Trade Commission after carnival which ends midday on February 27.

Standard Oil Co and BP North America Inc said they plan to form a venture to manage the money market borrowing and investment activities of both companies.

BP North America is a subsidiary of British Petroleum Co Plc, which also owns a 55 pct interest in Standard Oil.

The venture will be called BP/Standard Financial Trading and will be operated by Standard Oil under the oversight of a joint management committee.

Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc's Texas Commerce Bank-Houston said it filed an application with the Comptroller of the Currency in an effort to create the largest banking network in Harris County.

BankAmerica Corp is not under pressure to act quickly on its proposed equity offering and would do well to delay it because of the stock's recent poor performance, banking analysts said.

Some analysts said they have recommended BankAmerica delay its up to one-billion-dlr equity offering, which has yet to be approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

BankAmerica stock fell this week, along with other banking issues, on the news that Brazil has suspended interest payments on a large portion of its foreign debt. The stock traded around 12, down 1/8, this afternoon, after falling to 11-1/2 earlier this week on the news.

Banking analysts said that with the immediate threat of the First Interstate Bancorp takeover bid gone, BankAmerica is under no pressure to sell the securities into a market that will be nervous on bank stocks in the near term.

BankAmerica filed the offer on January 26. It was seen as one of the major factors leading the First Interstate withdrawing its takeover bid on February 9.

A BankAmerica spokesman said SEC approval is taking longer than expected and market conditions must now be re-evaluated.

"The circumstances at the time will determine what we do," said Arthur Miller, BankAmerica's Vice President for Financial Communications, when asked if BankAmerica would proceed with the offer immediately after it receives SEC approval.

"I'd put it off as long as they conceivably could," said Lawrence Cohn, analyst with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith.

Cohn said the longer BankAmerica waits, the longer they have to show the market an improved financial outlook.

Although BankAmerica has yet to specify the types of equities it would offer, most analysts believed a convertible preferred stock would encompass at least part of it.

Such an offering at a depressed stock price would mean a lower conversion price and more dilution to BankAmerica stock holders, noted Daniel Williams, analyst with Sutro Group.

Several analysts said that while they believe the Brazilian debt problem will continue to hang over the banking industry through the quarter, the initial shock reaction is likely to ease over the coming weeks.

Nevertheless, BankAmerica, which holds about 2.70 billion dlrs in Brazilian loans, stands to lose 15-20 mln dlrs if the interest rate is reduced on the debt, and as much as 200 mln dlrs if Brazil pays no interest for a year, said Joseph Arsenio, analyst with Birr, Wilson and Co.

He noted, however, that any potential losses would not show up in the current quarter. With other major banks standing to lose even more than BankAmerica if Brazil fails to service its debt, the analysts said they expect the debt will be restructured, similar to way Mexico's debt was, minimizing losses to the creditor banks.

The U.S. Agriculture Department reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average price through February 25 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -

Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July 23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82, corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after January 19, 1984. X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs). n.a.-not available.

Argentine grain board figures show crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February 12, 1986, in brackets

Red Lion Inns Limited Partnership said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of 4,790,000 units of limited partnership interests.

It said proceeds from the offering, along with a 102.5 mln dlr mortgage loan, will be used to finance its planned acquisition of 10 Red Lion hotels.

Moody's Investors Service Inc said it lowered the debt and preferred stock ratings of USX Corp and its units. About seven billion dlrs of securities is affected. Moody's said Marathon Oil Co's recent establishment of up to one billion dlrs in production payment facilities on its prolific Yates Field has significant negative implications for USX's unsecured creditors.

The company appears to have positioned its steel segment for a return to profit by late 1987, Moody's added. Ratings lowered include those on USX's senior debt to BA-1 from BAA-3.

The company said its board of directors approved a two-for-one stock split of its common shares for shareholders of record as of April 1, 1987. The company also said its board voted to recommend to shareholders at the annual meeting April 23 an increase in the authorized capital stock from five mln to 25 mln shares.

Computer Terminal Systems Inc said it has completed the sale of 200,000 shares of its common stock, and warrants to acquire an additional one mln shares, to Sedio N.V. of Lugano, Switzerland for 50,000 dlrs.

The company said the warrants are exercisable for five years at a purchase price of .125 dlrs per share. Computer Terminal said Sedio also has the right to buy additional shares and increase its total holdings up to 40 pct of the Computer Terminal's outstanding common stock under certain circumstances involving change of control at the company.

The company said if the conditions occur the warrants would be exercisable at a price equal to 75 pct of its common stock's market price at the time, not to exceed 1.50 dlrs per share.

Computer Terminal also said it sold the technolgy rights to its Dot Matrix impact technology, including any future improvements, to Woodco Inc of Houston, Tex. for 200,000 dlrs. But, it said it would continue to be the exclusive worldwide licensee of the technology for Woodco.

The company said the moves were part of its reorganization plan and would help pay current operation costs and ensure product delivery. Computer Terminal makes computer generated labels, forms, tags and ticket printers and terminals.

Ohio Mattress Co said its first quarter, ending February 28, profits may be below the 2.4 mln dlrs, or 15 cts a share, earned in the first quarter of fiscal 1986.

The company said any decline would be due to expenses related to the acquisitions in the middle of the current quarter of seven licensees of Sealy Inc, as well as 82 pct of the outstanding capital stock of Sealy.

Because of these acquisitions, it said, first quarter sales will be substantially higher than last year's 67.1 mln dlrs. Noting that it typically reports first quarter results in late march, said the report is likely to be issued in early April this year.

It said the delay is due to administrative considerations, including conducting appraisals, in connection with the acquisitions.

National Intergroup Inc said it plans to file a registration statement with the securities and exchange commission for an offering of cumulative convertible preferred partnership units in Permian Partners L.P.

The Permian Partners L.P. was recently formed by National Intergroup to continue to business of Permian Corp, acquired by the company in 1985. The company said Permian will continue to manage the business as a general partner, retaining a 35 pct stake in the partnership in the form of common and general partnership units.

BankAmerica Corp is not under pressure to act quickly on its proposed equity offering and would do well to delay it because of the stock's recent poor performance, banking analysts said.

Some analysts said they have recommended BankAmerica delay its up to one-billion-dlr equity offering, which has yet to be approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

BankAmerica stock fell this week, along with other banking issues, on the news that Brazil has suspended interest payments on a large portion of its foreign debt. The stock traded around 12, down 1/8, this afternoon, after falling to 11-1/2 earlier this week on the news.

Banking analysts said that with the immediate threat of the First Interstate Bancorp takeover bid gone, BankAmerica is under no pressure to sell the securities into a market that will be nervous on bank stocks in the near term.

BankAmerica filed the offer on January 26. It was seen as one of the major factors leading the First Interstate withdrawing its takeover bid on February 9. A BankAmerica spokesman said SEC approval is taking longer than expected and market conditions must now be re-evaluated.

"The circumstances at the time will determine what we do," said Arthur Miller, BankAmerica's Vice President for Financial Communications, when asked if BankAmerica would proceed with the offer immediately after it receives SEC approval.

"I'd put it off as long as they conceivably could," said Lawrence Cohn, analyst with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith. Cohn said the longer BankAmerica waits, the longer they have to show the market an improved financial outlook.

Although BankAmerica has yet to specify the types of equities it would offer, most analysts believed a convertible preferred stock would encompass at least part of it. Such an offering at a depressed stock price would mean a lower conversion price and more dilution to BankAmerica stock holders, noted Daniel Williams, analyst with Sutro Group.

Several analysts said that while they believe the Brazilian debt problem will continue to hang over the banking industry through the quarter, the initial shock reaction is likely to ease over the coming weeks.

Nevertheless, BankAmerica, which holds about 2.70 billion dlrs in Brazilian loans, stands to lose 15-20 mln dlrs if the interest rate is reduced on the debt, and as much as 200 mln dlrs if Brazil pays no interest for a year, said Joseph Arsenio, analyst with Birr, Wilson and Co. He noted, however, that any potential losses would not show up in the current quarter.

With other major banks standing to lose even more than BankAmerica if Brazil fails to service its debt, the analysts said they expect the debt will be restructured, similar to way Mexico's debt was, minimizing losses to the creditor banks.

National Health Enhancement Systems Inc said it is offering a new health evaluation system to its line of fitness assessment programs. The company said the program, called The Health Test, will be available in 60 days.

Customers who use the program will receive a computer-generated report and recommendations for implementing a program to improve their physical condition.

Dean Foods Co expects earnings for the fourth quarter ending May 30 to exceed those of the same year-ago period, Chairman Kenneth Douglas told analysts. In the fiscal 1986 fourth quarter the food processor reported earnings of 40 cts a share.

Douglas also said the year's sales should exceed 1.4 billion dlrs, up from 1.27 billion dlrs the prior year.

Douglas repeated an earlier company projection that third-quarter earnings "will probably be off slightly" from last year's 40 cts a share, falling in the range of 34 cts to 36 cts a share.

Douglas said it was too early to project whether the anticipated fourth quarter performance would be "enough for us to exceed the prior year's overall earnings" of 1.53 dlrs a share.

In 1988, Douglas said Dean should experience "a 20 pct improvement in our bottom line from effects of the tax reform act alone."

The company said it expects the offering to be priced at 20 dlrs per unit. President Howard Dean said in fiscal 1988 the company will derive benefits of various dairy and frozen vegetable acquisitions from Ryan Milk to the Larsen Co. Dean also said the company will benefit from its acquisition in late December of Elgin Blenders Inc, West Chicago. He said the company is a major shareholder of E.B.I. Foods Ltd, a United Kingdom blender, and has licensing arrangements in Australia, Canada, Brazil and Japan.

"It provides ann entry to McDonalds Corp MCD we've been after for years," Douglas told analysts.

The Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC, has accepted an export bonus offer to cover the sale of 37,000 long tons of wheat flour to North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.

The wheat four is for shipment March-May and the bonus awarded was 119.05 dlrs per tonnes and will be paid in the form of commodities from the CCC inventory. The bonus was awarded to the Pillsbury Company. The wheat flour purchases complete the Export Enhancement Program initiative announced in April, 1986, it said.

Legislation to require disclosure of credit card fees and interest rates before the cards are issued have been introduced in the Senate and House.

Sen. Chris Dodd, D-Conn, a co-sponsor of the bill, said many banks and financial institutions do not disclose all the information about terms of their cards in promotional material sent to prospective customers.

"By requiring card issuers to disclose the terms and conditions of their cards at the time of solicitation, the legislation is intended to arm consumers with enough information to shop around for the best deal," Dodd said in a statement.

Hughes/Conserdyne Corp, a unit of Hughes Capital Corp said it made Bear Stearns and Co Inc BSC its exclusive investment banker to develop and market financing for the design and installation of its micro-utility systems for municipalities.

The company said these systems are self-contained electrical generating facilities using alternate power sources, such as photovoltaic cells, to replace public utility power sources.

Magma Copper Co, a subsidiary of Newmont Mining Corp, said it is cutting its copper cathode price by 0.75 cent to 66 cents a lb, effective immediately.

Brown Forman Inc said its board has approved a three-for-two stock split and a 35 pct increase in the company cash dividend. Brown Forman cited its improved earnings outlook and continued strong cash flow as reasons for raising the dividend.

Brown Forman said the split of its Class A and Class B common shares would be effective March 13. The company said directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on each new share of both classes of 28 cts, payable April one to holders of record March 20. Prior to the split, the company had paid 31 cts quarterly.

Brown Forman today reported a 37 pct increase in third quarter profits to 21.6 mln dlrs, or 1.00 dlr a share, on a seven pct increase in sales to a record 337 mln dlrs.

Brown Forman said nine month profits declined a bit to 66.0 mln dlrs, or 3.07 dlrs a share, from 66.2 mln dlrs, or 3.08 dlrs a share, a year earlier due to a second quarter charge of 37 cts a share for restructuring its beverage operations.

Brown Forman said lower corporate tax rates and the restructuring "are expected to substantially improve Brown Forman's earnings and cash flow in fiscal 1988." Shearson Lehman Brothers, a unit of American Express Co, said Robert Stearns has joined Brown Forman as managing director of its merger and acquisition department.

Brown Forman said Stearns formerly was part of Merrill Lynch Pierce, Fenner and Smith Inc's MER merger and acquisitions department.

Venezuela and its bank advisory committee have agreed in principle on revisions to the terms of a 21 billion dlr debt-rescheduling package signed last February, bankers said. The bank said the network would link 31 banks having 13.5 billion dlrs in assets and 7.5 billion dlrs in deposits.

They declined to disclose details because two or three representatives on the panel have still to obtain the approval of their senior management for the new terms.

The committee was meeting in New York this afternoon and could put its final stamp of approval of the deal later today, the bankers said.

"A number of details have still to be finalized, but the broad details of the new amortization schedules and interest rates are in place," one senior banker said.

The interest rate on the rescheduling was originally set at 1-1/8 pct over Eurodollar rates, but Venezuela requested easier terms because of a 40 pct drop in oil income last year.

It also asked for a reduction in the repayments it was due to make in 1987, 1988 and 1989 - after an earlier request that it make no amortizations at all in those years was rebuffed - and sought a commitment from the banks to finance new investment in Venezuela.

The breakthrough in the Venezuelan talks, which have been going on intermittently for several months, follows the announcement earlier today of a 10.6 billion dlr debt rescheduling pact between Chile and its bank advisory panel.

And last night Citibank said Mexico's financing package, including a 7.7 billion dlr loan, will be signed on March 20.

While the sudden progress is to some extent coincidental, bankers acknowledge a desire to chalk up some quick successes after the shock of Brazil's unilateral interest suspension last Friday. By striking swift deals, banks hope to reduce the incentive for other debtors to emulate Brazil.

Talks at the extended special meeting of the International Coffee Organization (ICO) on the reintroduction of export quotas continued, but chances of success were still almost impossible to gauge, delegates said.

Producer delegates were meeting to examine a Colombian proposal to resume historical quotas from April 1 to September, with a promise to define specific new criteria by which a new quota system would be calculated in September for the new crop year, they said.

Opinions among delegates over the potential for reaching a quota agreement varied widely. Some consumers said the mood of the meeting seemed slightly more optimistic. But Brazil's unwillingness to concede any of its traditional 30.55 pct of its export market share looks likely to preclude any accord, other delegates said.

No fresh proposals other than the Colombian initiative had been tabled formally today, delegates said.

A full council meeting was set for 1900 hours for a progress report, delegates said.

The staff of the federal Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) plans to recommend that the Washington Public Power Supply System (WPPSS) be charged with securities fraud in connection with its July 1983 default on 2.25 billion dlrs of bonds, a WPPSS official told Reuters.

WPPSS attorney Ron English said the system was advised by SEC staff attorneys that the five SEC commissioners would be asked to charge WPPSS in connection with its official statements about its plans to build its No. 3 and No. 4 nuclear power plants in the Pacific Northwest at the time it was selling the bonds.

English, in a telephone interview, said the SEC staff planned to allege that WPPSS had overstated the demand for power in the region and had understated the cost of the plants, which were to built with the bonds' proceeds. English denied the allegations. English said WPPSS had made no public forecasts of power demand in connection with the bond sale and had never understated the cost of the plants.